CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Don't know where to start? Check issues labeled [`help wanted`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22), [`fix`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afix) and [`curation`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Acuration).

### Curation

- Software with no development activity for 6-12 months may be removed from the list
- Unmaintained software without an active community and/or persistent security issues may be removed from the list
- Problems should be reported automatically: [![](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/actions/workflows/check-dead-links.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues/1) [![](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/actions/workflows/check-unmaintained-projects.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues/1)

### Add software to the list

- [Create a new `software/software-name.yml` file](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/new/master/software), based on the template in [.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATES/addition.md](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/addition.md). Please use [kebab-case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_case#Kebab_case) for file naming, for example `my-awesome-software.yml`.
- Remove comments and unused optional fields
- Enter a descriptive commit message (such as `add My Awesome software`)
- Select `Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request`
- Click `Propose new file`
- Click `Create pull request`

If you are not comfortable sending a pull request, please open a new [issue](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues).

In [single page mode](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted) the software will only appear under the first category in its `tags` list, so choose wisely.


### Add a tag/category

Tags represent functional categories/features of the software, and must be added to `tags/tag-name.yml` (use [existing tags](tags/) as example). Any tag must have a minimum of 3 software projects referencing it. The [`Miscellaneous`](tags/miscellaneous.yml) tag can be used for software not matching any existing category.

```yaml
# project name
name: Project Management
# description of what this tag/category is about (markdown allowed)
description: '[Project management](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_management) is the process of leading the work of a team to achieve all project goals within the given constraints.'
# (optional) list of related tags, by name
related_tags:
  - Ticketing
  - Task management & To-do lists
# (optional) external links
external_links:
  - title: awesome-sysadmin/Code Review
    url: https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin#code-review
```

### Add a license

[Free and Open-Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) software licenses (preferably [SPDX identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/), or custom licenses, must be added to `licenses.yml` (use [existing licenses](licenses.yml) as example):

```yaml
  # short license identifier
- identifier: ZPL-1.2
  # full license name
  name: Zope Public License 1.2
  # link to the full license text
  url: http://zpl.pub/page/zplv12
```

### Add a language/platform

Languages/requirements/technologies used to run or build the software should be listed in `platforms/platform-name.yml` (use [existing platforms](platforms/) as example):

```yaml
# language/platform name
name: Java
# general description of the programming language or deployment platform (markdown allowed)
description: "[Java](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)) is a high-level, class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible."
```

### Remove software from the list

Simply delete the appropriate file under `software/` and submit a Pull Request.
To do this from Github's web interface:
- use the [go to file](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data?search=1) feature to open the appropriate file (e.g. [`software/redash.yml`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/blob/master/software/redash.yml))
- Click the `...` button at the top right of the file view, click `Delete file`
- In the `Commit changes` dialog, enter `Remove SOFTWARE_NAME (reason)` as your commit message, additional context in the `extended description` field, select `Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request.`, and click `Commit Changes`


### Domain name costs

You can help cover domain name registration and renewal costs by pledging a small amount on [Liberapay ![](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/goal/awesome-selfhosted?logo=liberapay) ![](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/awesome-selfhosted?logo=liberapay)](https://liberapay.com/awesome-selfhosted/)


### Other

**Rename a tag/category:** the tag must be renamed in the appropriate `tags/mytag.yml` file. All references to it must be updated in `tags/*.yml` and `software/*.yml`.

**Automated tasks:**

```bash
$ make help
install             install build tools in a virtualenv
import              import data from original list at https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted
update_metadata     update metadata from project repositories/API
awesome_lint        check data against awesome-selfhosted guidelines
export_markdown     render markdown export from YAML data (https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)
export_html         render HTML export from YAML data (https://awesome-selfhosted.net)
push_markdown       commit and push changes to the markdown repository
push_html           commit and push changes to the HTML site repository (amend previous commit and force-push)
url_check           check URLs for dead links or other connection problems
authors             update the AUTHORS file
clean               clean files generated by automated tasks
help                generate list of targets with descriptions
```

Commit message:

doc: contributing: document usage of the redirect: attribute for tags

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Don't know where to start? Check issues labeled [`help wanted`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22), [`fix`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Afix) and [`curation`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Acuration).

### Curation

- Software with no development activity for 6-12 months may be removed from the list
- Unmaintained software without an active community and/or persistent security issues may be removed from the list
- Problems should be reported automatically: [![](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/actions/workflows/check-dead-links.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues/1) [![](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/actions/workflows/check-unmaintained-projects.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues/1)

### Add software to the list

- [Create a new `software/software-name.yml` file](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/new/master/software), based on the template in [.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATES/addition.md](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/addition.md). Please use [kebab-case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Letter_case#Kebab_case) for file naming, for example `my-awesome-software.yml`.
- Remove comments and unused optional fields
- Enter a descriptive commit message (such as `add My Awesome software`)
- Select `Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request`
- Click `Propose new file`
- Click `Create pull request`

If you are not comfortable sending a pull request, please open a new [issue](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues).

In [single page mode](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted) the software will only appear under the first category in its `tags` list, so choose wisely.


### Add a tag/category

Tags represent functional categories/features of the software, and must be added to `tags/tag-name.yml` (use [existing tags](tags/) as example). Any tag must have a minimum of 3 software projects referencing it. The [`Miscellaneous`](tags/miscellaneous.yml) tag can be used for software not matching any existing category.

```yaml
# project name
name: Project Management
# description of what this tag/category is about (markdown allowed)
description: '[Project management](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_management) is the process of leading the work of a team to achieve all project goals within the given constraints.'
# (optional) list of related tags, by name
related_tags:
  - Ticketing
  - Task management & To-do lists
# (optional) external links
external_links:
  - title: awesome-sysadmin/Code Review
    url: https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin#code-review
# (optional) if this is set, no software items will be allowed to reference this tag, and the page will display a block asking to visit these links instead
redirect:
  - title: awesome-sysadmin/Continuous Integration & Continuous Deployment
    url: https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin#continuous-integration--continuous-deployment

```

### Add a license

[Free and Open-Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_and_open-source_software) software licenses (preferably [SPDX identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/), or custom licenses, must be added to `licenses.yml` (use [existing licenses](licenses.yml) as example):

```yaml
  # short license identifier
- identifier: ZPL-1.2
  # full license name
  name: Zope Public License 1.2
  # link to the full license text
  url: http://zpl.pub/page/zplv12
```

### Add a language/platform

Languages/requirements/technologies used to run or build the software should be listed in `platforms/platform-name.yml` (use [existing platforms](platforms/) as example):

```yaml
# language/platform name
name: Java
# general description of the programming language or deployment platform (markdown allowed)
description: "[Java](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_(programming_language)) is a high-level, class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible."
```

### Remove software from the list

Simply delete the appropriate file under `software/` and submit a Pull Request.
To do this from Github's web interface:
- use the [go to file](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data?search=1) feature to open the appropriate file (e.g. [`software/redash.yml`](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/blob/master/software/redash.yml))
- Click the `...` button at the top right of the file view, click `Delete file`
- In the `Commit changes` dialog, enter `Remove SOFTWARE_NAME (reason)` as your commit message, additional context in the `extended description` field, select `Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request.`, and click `Commit Changes`


### Domain name costs

You can help cover domain name registration and renewal costs by pledging a small amount on [Liberapay ![](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/goal/awesome-selfhosted?logo=liberapay) ![](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/awesome-selfhosted?logo=liberapay)](https://liberapay.com/awesome-selfhosted/)


### Other

**Rename a tag/category:** the tag must be renamed in the appropriate `tags/mytag.yml` file. All references to it must be updated in `tags/*.yml` and `software/*.yml`.

**Automated tasks:**

```bash
$ make help
install             install build tools in a virtualenv
import              import data from original list at https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted
update_metadata     update metadata from project repositories/API
awesome_lint        check data against awesome-selfhosted guidelines
export_markdown     render markdown export from YAML data (https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)
export_html         render HTML export from YAML data (https://awesome-selfhosted.net)
push_markdown       commit and push changes to the markdown repository
push_html           commit and push changes to the HTML site repository (amend previous commit and force-push)
url_check           check URLs for dead links or other connection problems
authors             update the AUTHORS file
clean               clean files generated by automated tasks
help                generate list of targets with descriptions
```
