markdown/footer.md, before:


--------------------

## Anti-features

- `⚠ ` - Depends on a proprietary service outside the user's control

--------------------

## External Links

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#awesome-selfhosted)**

- [Awesome Sysadmin](https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin) - Curated list of amazingly awesome open source sysadmin resources.
- Lists of software aimed at privacy and decentralization in some form: [PRISM Break](https://prism-break.org/en/), [privacytools.io](https://www.privacytools.io/), [Alternative Internet](https://redecentralize.github.io/alternative-internet/), [Libre Projects](https://libreprojects.net/), [Easy Indie App](https://easyindie.app)
- Other Awesome lists: [Awesome Big Data](https://github.com/0xnr/awesome-bigdata), [Awesome Public Datasets](https://github.com/awesomedata/awesome-public-datasets)
- Dynamic Domain Name services: [Afraid.org](https://freedns.afraid.org/domain/registry/), [Pagekite](https://pagekite.net/)
- Communities/forums: [/r/selfhosted on reddit](https://old.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/), [r-selfhosted forum](https://forum.r-selfhosted.com/), [/r/selfhosted Matrix Channel](https://matrix.to/#/#selfhosted:selfhosted.chat), [/c/selfhosted on lemmy.ml](https://lemmy.ml/c/selfhost), [/c/selfhosted on lemmy.world](https://lemmy.world/c/selfhosted), [/m/selfhosted on kbin.social](https://kbin.social/m/selfhosted), [Homelab forum](https://homelabforum.com/), [/r/homelab on reddit](https://old.reddit.com/r/homelab/), [IndieWeb](https://indieweb.org/)
- Mirrors: [GitHub.com](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted), [Gitlab.com](https://gitlab.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)
- [theme.park](https://theme-park.dev/) - A collection of themes/skins for 50 selfhosted apps! ([Source Code](https://github.com/GilbN/theme.park/)) `MIT` `CSS`
- [Track Awesome Selfhosted](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/) - Get the latest updates of awesome-selfhosted.

--------------------

## Contributing

Contributing guidelines can be found in [.github/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Authors

The list of authors can be found in the [AUTHORS](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/blob/master/AUTHORS) file.

## License

This list is under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/LICENSE) License.

Commit message:

doc: move contribution guidelines to CONTRIBUTING.md - fixes https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/issues/40 - doc: ISSUE_TEMPLATE/other.md: cleanup - doc: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md: fix link to addition template - doc: LICENSE: fix license file header/auomatic license detection by Github - doc: license: add link to summary of license terms - doc: group authors and licenses sections

markdown/footer.md, after:


--------------------

## Anti-features

- `⚠ ` - Depends on a proprietary service outside the user's control

--------------------

## External Links

**[`^        back to top        ^`](#awesome-selfhosted)**

- [Awesome Sysadmin](https://github.com/awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin) - Curated list of amazingly awesome open source sysadmin resources.
- Lists of software aimed at privacy and decentralization in some form: [PRISM Break](https://prism-break.org/en/), [privacytools.io](https://www.privacytools.io/), [Alternative Internet](https://redecentralize.github.io/alternative-internet/), [Libre Projects](https://libreprojects.net/), [Easy Indie App](https://easyindie.app)
- Other Awesome lists: [Awesome Big Data](https://github.com/0xnr/awesome-bigdata), [Awesome Public Datasets](https://github.com/awesomedata/awesome-public-datasets)
- Dynamic Domain Name services: [Afraid.org](https://freedns.afraid.org/domain/registry/), [Pagekite](https://pagekite.net/)
- Communities/forums: [/r/selfhosted on reddit](https://old.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/), [r-selfhosted forum](https://forum.r-selfhosted.com/), [/r/selfhosted Matrix Channel](https://matrix.to/#/#selfhosted:selfhosted.chat), [/c/selfhosted on lemmy.ml](https://lemmy.ml/c/selfhost), [/c/selfhosted on lemmy.world](https://lemmy.world/c/selfhosted), [/m/selfhosted on kbin.social](https://kbin.social/m/selfhosted), [Homelab forum](https://homelabforum.com/), [/r/homelab on reddit](https://old.reddit.com/r/homelab/), [IndieWeb](https://indieweb.org/)
- Mirrors: [GitHub.com](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted), [Gitlab.com](https://gitlab.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted)
- [theme.park](https://theme-park.dev/) - A collection of themes/skins for 50 selfhosted apps! ([Source Code](https://github.com/GilbN/theme.park/)) `MIT` `CSS`
- [Track Awesome Selfhosted](https://www.trackawesomelist.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/) - Get the latest updates of awesome-selfhosted.

--------------------

## Contributing

Contributing guidelines can be found [here](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This list is under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted/blob/master/LICENSE) License.
Terms of the license are summarized [here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).  
The list of authors can be found in the [AUTHORS](https://github.com/awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted-data/blob/master/AUTHORS) file.
